Do you want me to sit here?
No, here is fine. 
- You're Kristen Balko?
- Yes.
And you're VP of Information Security at Running Milk? 
That's right. Um, is this part of the test? 
No, just the pre-test. Think of this as a practice run. We gather some background information, then go over the questions you'll be asked. 
You're gonna tell me the questions on the test - before the test? 
- That's right. 
Isn't that cheating? 
Uh, no, it isn't like the movies, Ms. Balko. There are no "gotcha moments". You'll know every question beforehand. 
Okay, got it. Fire away. 
Have you ever shared confidential materials with individuals not employed with Running Milk? 
No, never. Am I supposed to answer? 
Anything you want. Have you ever stolen anything from your workplace? 
Never. 
Have you ever lied to the company? 
No. 
I lied. 
You did steal materials from the workplace? 
No, I lied by saying I never lied to the company. 
Could you be more specific? 
When I applied, in my résumé I told them that I worked as a VP of Information Technology at a previous company. But there was no VP of Information Technology. 
- Oh, that's it? 
- Yes, what do you mean? 
They fired you because you said you were a VP on your résumé? 
No, they fired me because I lied in the lie detector test. 
But that wasn't the point of the lie detector test, right? They were trying to find someone who stole - confidential materials. 
- Right. 
And you didn't do that. Did you try to explain that to your boss? 
Yes, but they said I lied to the company, so they could fire me. That's why I'm suing. Silicon Valley's a very provincial town. I can't get a job anywhere. 
Well, The Polygraph Protection Act keeps an employer from forcing you to take a lie detector test, but there are exceptions. 
Theft. 
Uh, Kristen, this is our investigator Jason. 
Hi. 
But I didn't steal anything. 
Yes, but it was the reason for the polygraph. They caught you in another lie, but... 
They need corroborating evidence. 
Right. And they couldn't have fired her unless they already had some evidence that she lied on her résumé. Did they, Kristen? 
Have evidence I lied? No, I don't think so. The whole point of the polygraph was about this theft. 
Okay, um, why don't you give us the day to think about it? 
Actually, I don't have a day. Mr. Canning told me you'd be able to move faster than he could. 
- Louis Canning? 
- Yes. He already filed the suit, but he got busy with another case, and he thought you'd be good to take it over. 
I'm sure he did. 
All right, I will see if they have any corroborating evidence. 
Good, a polygraph can't be the sole basis for firing. 
So what... cap my work off at five hours? 
- Yeah. 
- Okay. 
So, what did you find out about insurance? 
Oh, yeah. Malpractice insurance is a fortune, but we could bundle it. I can get a rider to your homeowner's policy, and just split the increase in your premium? 
Will the coverage extend to Jason? 
No, he's a freelancer. I don't think it's a problem. 
Did you know he used to be a lawyer? 
- No. 
- He practiced in New Jersey. He was disbarred for a criminal conviction. He punched a judge. 
He punched a judge? 
- Yep. 
- Why? 
I guess he didn't like his decision. 
And you're worried about the insurance? 
Yeah, if Jason beats up someone on the job... 
Yeah, well, due diligence. We should find out what happened. 
Okay, I'm gonna call New Jersey. See if I can talk to the judge. What's up, Eli? 
What's the best thing about Peter? 
Excuse me? 
I need a quote from you for Peter's bio. 
Do you need it to be true? 
True adjacent. Peter's motto is "Service above self. My family has benefitted from it, now America can." 
Eli, that's... I know, it's nauseating. Help me out. 
Eli? Over here. 
Just a second, Alicia. I thought this was a staff meeting. 
It is. Turn off your cell phone and I'll turn off mine. 
- What is it? 
- An Alabama Slammer. Yeah. I like them strong. Confusion to our enemies. 
So, what are we discussing, Ruth? 
What makes Eli Gold tick? 
Uh, I know how this works, Ruth. Unless you're trying to seduce me, which I very much doubt, you get me drunk, you pretend to be drunk and you find out more about me than I find out about you. 
Oh, Eli, you're too suspicious. You're a new tree in my forest. I want to know more about that tree, that's all. Because unless I chop it down, that tree's now part of my life. - So... 
- My grandfather, Samuel Gold, was a teamster organizer in Brooklyn. Everything I learned, I learned from him. I remember going to visit him in his office when I was little. All the people coming to kiss his ring. Looking for advice, for help. And he told me that the most powerful men are the ones that no one knows exist. Is something funny? 
- Oh, yeah. 
- What? 
None of that was true. Your grandfather was Ira Goldstein, owner of a schmatta business in Queens. He died a pauper after his brother-in-law cheated him out of a uniform consignment with the NYPD. And that quote? You changed it. It's from The Usual Suspects. 
So, what do you want, Ruth? Why are you pretending to care about me? 
We got new internals from this afternoon. Peter made another four point bump. That's more than a fluke, that's a trend. We broke through. We have a shot. And not just at the vice presidency. We could win. Things turn sour for Hillary... the e-mails, the next thing they throw at her... we win. But we need to be rowing in the same direction. This goes the way we all want, they'll be enough to carve up for both of us. - You see that, right? 
- I do. 
So the strategy's changed. We're not being kind and deferential to the frontrunner. We're acting like the frontrunner. We're not aiming for the vice presidency. We're aiming for the presidency. 
So, what do you need from me? 
We're moving up the announcement to Thursday. We want to take advantage of the momentum. 
You need Alicia? 
Yes, much more than we originally agreed. Voters need to see these two together. Young, vibrant, looking toward the future. Jackie O to his JFK. We need to work together, Eli. You need to trust me. And I need to trust you. 
Who's that? 
I don't know. Silicon Valley lawyer? 
- Hello. Alice Florrick, yes? 
- Yes. 
Andrea Stevens. It's so nice to meet you. I was told you were the opposing counsel. It just makes it so much more exciting when you respect the opposition, don't you think? 
- It does. 
- Hello. 
Hi. Lucca Quinn. 
Hi. I love your hair. How many years are you out of law school, Lucca? 
A few. 
Well, that's better than less than a few. 
All rise. 
- Oh, here we go. 
- Court is now in session. 
Lucca, if you ever want any advice. 
Good afternoon. I've read your preliminary motions. I would like to take up the, uh, jurisdictional question. 
Your Honor, the plaintiff lives in Chicago... 
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Your Honor, I was warned about Chicago courtrooms, but I didn't think it was gonna be about who shouted the loudest. 
It isn't, Counselor. What do you have? 
Thank you, Your Honor. This is rank forum shopping. Mrs. Florrick knows this case belongs in California. Running Milk has no Chicago offices. And the lie detector test in question took place in California. 
Kristen Balko lives in Chicago. And thanks to the cloud tax passed by the Chicago City Council, Running Milk's offices are both in California and Illinois. 
Yes, but respectfully, Your Honor, they are not physically in Illinois. 
But as Running Milk and its ilk have constantly reminded us: "Brick and mortar are things of the past. The cloud is the future." 
Your Honor, so many of our witnesses will have to be flown in from San Jose and that doesn't... 
And so many of our witnesses will have - to be flown in from Chicago... 
- Your Honor, to refute these... 
Thank you. But as Ms. Stevens pointed out, this shouldn't be about who shouts the loudest. Motion is denied. We'll hear the case here. Please have the Running Milk software spec sent to me by end of day, thank you. 
Just the first skirmish. 
- Peter wants to be president. 
- Excuse me? Peter thinks he can be president. 
I need a drink. Do you want one? 
No, I need to go. They moved the announcement up to Thursday. You need to be in Springfield. I wrote you a speech; very Michelle Obama. 
- What time Thursday? 
- 3:00 p.m. They'll need us more than usual. They keep mixing their metaphors. You're either Michelle Obama or Jackie O. 
Do you ever wonder why I'm hearing this from you and not Peter? 
What? No. What do you mean? 
Well, I'm hearing that Peter truly is running for president and that I might be First Lady from his campaign manager. 
I am not his campaign manager. 
You think he has a chance? 
I don't know. I thought Trump would self-destruct, so what do I know? Primaries are their own insanity. What are you making? 
A margarita. Tequila, triple sec. 
Huh. 
- You judging me? 
- No. 
That sounded like a judgmental huh. 
No. 
You get as sloppy drunk as you want to. 
So, what do they want me to do? 
Be involved. Go on Thursday. Give a good speech. Look First Lady-like. I got Frank Landau to introduce you. It's not bad having the head of the Democratic committee say nice things about you. 
What are you doing, Eli? This doesn't sound like you. 
Sure it does. This is what I sound like. 
No, no, no, no. You're scheming something here. Cheers. 
Hey, I've got some good news and I got some bad news... which do you want first? 
- Bad. 
- Good. 
Running Milk's HR team definitely verified - Kristen lied on her résumé. 
- Damn. 
- So we have no case. 
- What's the good news? 
I don't think there was a theft at Running Milk. 
What do you mean? 
A firm like Running Milk is required to notify their customers of any breach; they didn't. California attorney general's got no record of any breach at Running Milk. 
So they had no reason to polygraph. 
Right, fruit of the poisonous tree. 
Why'd you punch that judge? 
I was angry. 
Why were you angry? 
Don't you get angry? 
I do, but I don't punch people. 
Maybe you should start. 
As you can see, Your Honor, Running Milk never suffered a security breach, and since that was the only legal justification for polygraphing our client, - that polygraph must be thrown out. 
- Is this true? 
Can you give me one second, Your Honor? As you requested, uh, the CEO of Running Milk flew in a great personal expense. 
I'm honored. 
Without admitting to any wrongdoing, Your Honor, Running Milk generously agrees to rehire the plaintiff at her original salary. We just want this to be over. 
- Really? Since when? 
- Since an hour ago. We ask that this suit be dismissed, Your Honor. 
Your Honor, if our client is rehired, she can't be subjected to a new polygraph, is that correct? 
Yes, private employers are barred from making polygraphs a condition of employment. 
May we have a ruling on that, Your Honor? 
Um, can... I'm-I'm sorry, can I just have one more second, Your Honor? Actually, polygraphs may be applied to employees engaged in counterintelligence or national security functions, pursuant to a contract with the federal government. 
Your Honor, our client has no connection with national security. And again I ask for a ruling. 
These contracts show that Running Milk has ongoing accounts with the government. 
This makes no sense. If these contracts were the reason for these polygraph tests, then why create the fiction of a security breach? 
Are we really wondering why the National Security Agency might have a need for secrecy? 
Your Honor, the defendant just plans to rehire our client so they can fire her again. 
Yes, but legally. These contracts appear in order. Before Miss Balko starts work again, she'll need to submit to a polygraph. 
Your Honor. 
I don't have time for this, Eli. 
Even for a friend? 
If you're wearing a wire, you have to tell me, or it'll be thrown out in court. 
I am not wearing a wire. I need your help. 
I would never have taken that bribe. I didn't need you to warn me. 
But I did warn you. 
What? What do you need? 
Information on Frank Landau and his manipulation of voting machines in the last election. 
- No, I won't betray him. 
- He won't know it's you. I just need the proof from you, and I'll do the rest. 
What are you up to? 

(...)
